What? That's not fair!
I coulda sworn it was
gonna stop on the seven!
Fortune's not with
you today, either.
I don't trust this machine.
I bet it's rigged.
It's called gambling
for a reason.
[MISMIS]
I'm not giving up yet.
I'll find another game,
and this time I'm gonna win big.
[ISKA]
Wait, Captain!
That's the trap every casino
wants you to fall into!
Will she be okay?
Doubt it.
Anyway... Question.
Why did she bring us
here in the first place?
[MISMIS]
A last‐chance vacation?
[RISYA]
That's right.
Your unit's working
under my orders
for the foreseeable future,
and joint training's
around the corner.
It would be wise to enjoy
the free time while you can.
You won't exactly have much
of it once I put you to work.
What? That sounds bad.
Bye! Have a wonderful time!
[MISMIS]
Risya, wait!
Don't leave on that note!
Please!
[RISYA laughs]
[NENE] Does that mean our
next mission is going to be
super dangerous?
Is this vacation
our last hurrah?
[ISKA]
I wonder what we'll be doing.
[MISMIS] She said she'd surprise
us with the details next week.
[JHIN]
Honestly..,
I think you're reading
too much into this.
Keep your head on, Boss.
There's no good reason
to be alarmed yet.
Thanks, Jhin!
We could die at any time.
Mission or not.
Could you be any
less comforting?
Hey, we're good.
But still. Why did we
end up at a casino?
[MISMIS]
For the jackpot.
You mean money?
So it's funds then.
Great. What're you buying?
[MISMIS]
A Merkava tank model MI62,
manufactured by Francesco.
Oh, wow!
You're trying to nab us
the latest battle tank?
I figured if we hit
a jackpot here,
I could get one for our unit.
That way we could easily
escape a dangerous
situation when
we're in the field.
So that's it.
Sounds about right.
She always has
unconventional ideas.
Well...
At least you picked this
place for a reason
other than pleasure.
[MISMIS]
Yes! Of course!
Let's keeping playing
the machines!
Together, I know
we can score big!
Go team!
Get that battle tank money!
Maybe I'll have enough
to buy a house.
[ISKA] Maybe focus on
one thing at a time!
Here we are, my lady. Welcome!
Jurak is the city of pleasure.
A favorite of the nobility.
As a prestigious
resort destination,
it's a perfect getaway for you,
wouldn't you agree?
I've no interest in gambling.
I made it very clear I wanted
to go to the Neutral City Ein.
Absolutely not.
Are you trying to run into that
cursed Imperial soldier again?
No. Of course I'm not.
I'm well aware of my duty.
To honor my people.
I will fight Iska
when next I see him.
[RIN] Then it would be best to
meet him on the battlefield,
not in a Neutral City.
Now, shall we explore?
[RIN]
Wonderful.
Slot machines are ideal
for a first‐timer
such as yourself.
[ALICE] Hmm...
Then let's begin with those.
[ALICE] Rin. Is this becoming
of a princess?
[RIN]
Don't worry, my Lady.
The goddess of victory
will smile upon you,
even when gambling.
Victory. That reminds me.
I need to think ahead.
I wonder when the
perfect date would be
for my battle with Iska.
A date?
I wonder what day
will work best for us.
Let's see, I don't
have much next week
on Mercurday.
Oh, but the stars
show misfortune then,
which is the last thing
I'd want looming
over our fight.
I can pick the next
holiday when I'm free.
I'll also need to
reserve a venue.
Lady Alice...
You sound as though you
are planning a wedding,
not a battle.
A wedding?!
No, don't be foolish!
Iska and I? Of course not.
[RIN]
Yes. Foolish.
And yet, you're blushing.
[ALICE] Because you just
said something ridiculous!
[RIN] Perhaps you should
focus on the slots instead.
[ALICE]
She's right.
I probably won't see him
again soon, anyway.
[ISKA] I can't just convert
to your side.
[machine ringing]
[ALICE]
Huh? Did the machine break?
[RIN] You won the top
prize on your first try!
You should be far more excited!
Wait here. I'll find the staff!
Incredible, you hit the jackpot!
So cool!
Is it?
I don't understand this.
If we had this many coins,
we could easily afford
the Captain's tank.
Take these.
I'm afraid I don't have need
for this much money.
Are you sure?
Yes, it was meant to be.
Thank you!
[NENE]
You guys!
Someone hit a
jackpot over there!
And she shared her winnings!
You see, Jhin?
What'd I say?
The jackpot does exist, huh?
Just not for you, I guess.
Man, talk about
a generous person.
Probably an oil tycoon.
[NENE] Mm‐mm.
I didn't get that vibe from her.
She was blonde and
so pretty and elegant.
She looked more like royalty.
No way.
[ALICE]
Rin. What kind of place is this?
[RIN] I'm assuming they
read fortunes inside.
[FORTUNE TELLER]
Welcome, my child.
What would you like
me to tell you?
[ALICE]
Oh. Um...
Well, there's this boy.
He's a year younger than me.
Ah. Is he your boyfriend?
Of course he's not!
Why would you ask that?
[FORTUNE TELLER]
Are you certain?
I'm positive.
But I'm wondering when and
where I'll see him again.
Like just the two of us.
[FORTUNE TELLER]
The cards will know.
This is definitely an
interesting reading.
These cards tell a clear story.
There's no doubt that
the person you're waiting for
is close by.
Huh?
[FORTUNE TELLER] In fact, he
will always be near to you.
You are two souls connected
by a powerful bond
that no ill‐fate can break.
Right now is the perfect
time to seek him out
if that is your wish.
[RIN]
That was fast. How did it go?
She had a few
plausible predictions.
But her interpretations
were mostly quite vague.
[RIN]
That's fortune telling for you.
Well.
Shall we continue on?
[FORTUNE TELLER] So what would
you like to know, young man?
[ISKA]
I'm looking for a girl.
Ah? Perhaps she's
your girlfriend?
It's not that.
[FORTUNE TELLER] What is
her relationship to you then?
Good question.
We met on the frontline.
Fighting.
It was during a big mission.
[FORTUNE TELLER]
I see.
So this person works with you.
Sure.
The next time we met,
it was at an opera house.
Then we ate pasta together.
And later we went
to an art exhibition.
[FORTUNE TELLER]
No need for details.
The cards will tell me
everything of importance
that I need to know.
A‐ha.
This is definitely an
interesting reading.
These cards tell a clear story.
There's no doubt that
the person you're waiting for
is close by.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
Thank you for coming, Risya.
Let me get straight
to the point.
Do you know about the vortex?
[RISYA]
Yes.
Observation Facility 47
reported one
just Southwest of Mudor Canyon.
But I thought that Nameless
was attending to it already.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] It appears we
need more reinforcements
if we're to be successful.
Let me guess.
You mean the Third Division.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Yes, the
successor of the Black Steel
Gladiator, Crossweil,
would be perfect for this job.
[RISYA]
I understand.
You want me to send
Unit N07 there.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] We'll leave
the justification to you.
This falls on me because
I'm friends with Mismis.
They won't be happy with this.
I guess that means I'll have to
play the villain for nothing.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Didn't you
reach this position because
you steeled your heart
and pushed ahead
of your colleagues?
I'll do it just this once.
[MISMIS yawns]
[RISYA] Hi!
Morning, how's my favorite unit?
Hope you're great!
Sorry to be calling
you so early.
[MISMIS]
Oh, hi Risya.
[RISYA]
First thing's first.
Did you happen to read
through the details
regarding your
upcoming training?
Yes. All done. Thanks.
Actually, forget all about that.
What?
[RISYA] This call is to inform
you about another mission
I'm sending you on.
It's a higher priority.
As I'm sure you're aware,
our witch and magic problems
started 100 years ago.
That's when a drift of
astral energy created
what we eventually
started calling a vortex.
Without the vortex,
we never would've had
Grand Witch Nebulis.
And the Sovereignty would
not have been formed.
Now we have an issue.
We've found another vortex.
It'll be a pain if our
enemy gains access to it.
If they did, we could be
facing more powerful witches.
Luckily, your unit can
stop that from happening.
We are putting
our full faith in you.
After all,
you did manage survive
the Ice Calamity Witch
when you faced her.
Bye! Good luck out there!
I forgot to give this back.
[door opens]
[RIN]
Lady Alice, excuse me.
This is important.
A message. It just arrived
from your sister.
[ALICE]
From Sisbell? What is it?
They've detected a disruption
in astral energy.
Possibly a vortex
in Mudor canyon,
which is located
southwest of here.
The Empire is sending
troops to the location.
How could that be?
We didn't know?
That makes no sense.
The Zoas.
They're intentionally
delaying their report.
Her Majesty just found out.
I'll never understand it.
The Lou family.
The Zoas. The Hydras.
How can the three royal
families be so at odds?
[RIN] Mudor canyon is located
in Zoa's jurisdiction.
It's also close to
the Empire's border
and Astral forces are
always stationed there.
If they didn't want us
to know about this, then...
The Zoas want the
vortex for themselves.
They won't share its power.
Correct.
All right. I'll attend to this.
Not much of a welcoming
party for a princess.
Did they not know I was coming?
Stop.
That's close enough,
Masked Lord.
[ON]
How very impressive.
You've sensed me, Rin. Bravo.
An amateur would have
noticed your presence.
You're not subtle.
What's this about,
Masked Lord? Tell me.
[ON]
Oh, I meant no harm.
Please, think nothing of it.
You see, my astral
power is weak.
I carry a blade as a precaution.
You can't be too careful.
So, what brings you here today?
The vortex.
We know about it.
Where's the Zoa family's report?
[ON] Well there's no
proof that it's a vortex.
It could be a flux in
magma temperatures
or perhaps a buildup
of underground gas.
Of course, it would
be smart to send
the troops over,
just to be certain.
Yes.
It also would have been
smart to tell the Queen.
Worry not.
The head of the family
just left to report to her.
It took a while for us to
prepare the proper documents.
[ALICE]
Is that so?
I don't think we're
getting anywhere.
This has been a
waste of my time.
You'd be smart to keep
a low profile, Princess.
[MISMIS]
Whoa.
Captain Mismis.
Hey! What's up?
I was wondering, did you report
what happened in Ein?
[MISMIS] Oh, that.
It was kind of an ordeal.
The higher‐ups weren't pleased.
"Why don't you have
a recording of the witch?
Huh? Huh?"
It was pretty scary.
I'm sorry.
[MISMIS]
Don't worry about it!
I get in trouble all the
time for report omissions
or mistakes on forms!
I'm used to it.
[MISMIS gasps]
Noro!
Over here! Hi!
[SHANOROTTE]
Mismis, is that you?
[laughs]
When did you return
to the Third Division?
[BOTH giggling]
Just recently.
Come meet my team.
They're lovely subordinates!
[SHANOROTTE]
I'm Shanorotte Gregory.
Your captain's a friend.
We met when we were
low‐ranking soldiers.
Although, it doesn't look
like you got any taller
since then.
I grew two millimeters!
[CAPTAIN A]
Soldiers! Line up!
That guy's intimidating.
That suit.
Cutting‐edge optical camouflage.
He's from the Empire's
Assassination Force.
Saint Disciple of
the eighth seat.
Nameless.
[NAMELESS] Let me start by
telling you that I will not
give specific orders
at this moment.
With that understanding,
your missions are as follows.
One, to secure the vortex
before the Sovereignty does.
Two, to destroy
the vortex if you fail
your initial objective.
And three, do not get in my way.
My goal is to crush
the astral power forces.
I will not allow anyone
to stop me.
That is all.
[CAPTAIN A]
You heard him!
Continue searching
for the vortex!
[JHIN]
From what we understand,
the vortex is a mass
of astral energy.
See anything?
[MISMIS] Mm‐mm.
Nothing that looks like that.
[ISKA] No readings
of astral energy, either.
[MISMIS]
Noro? What is it?
[SHANOROTTE] One of the
units searching the vortex
is missing in action.
We also lost contact
with two other units
that went to investigate
their disappearance.
Maybe the astral power
force found them?
[SHANOROTTE]
If that were the case,
there'd be signs of a struggle.
But there's no evidence.
It's like they just vanished.
Whatever the case is,
we'll return to base.
They probably have
new orders for us.
[NAMELESS]
Forget them.
Of our 32 units,
only three are missing.
There's no need to
dispatch a rescue squad
for so few soldiers.
Continue to focus on
locating the vortex.
[CAPTAIN A]
You heard him. Dismissed!
He could've at least
given better justification.
I know, what do you make
of his orders, Captain?
Over ten people are missing.
That's real strange.
Is he just going
to abandon them?
I can't say I agree with that.
Right. I'll ask.
We were both Disciples.
[MISMIS]
Maybe not a good idea!
Excuse me.
Huh? What do you want, boy?
To speak with the commander.
[CAPTAIN A] If this is an
emergency, have your captain
report.
[NAMELESS]
Seems I have an odd guest.
I don't remember your name,
but I know I've seen you before.
[ISKA]
It's been a year.
[NAMELESS] Ah, yes.
The traitor of the Empire.
You have some nerve,
showing up here.
[ISKA] As a soldier
stationed at this base,
I have a question.
[NAMELESS] You don't
have the appropriate rank
to address me personally, grunt.
Get lost.
[MISMIS]
Um, well, if that's the case...
Allow me.
I will happily speak
on his behalf.
If you don't mind.
Captain?
Sorry, Iska.
I'm gonna have to
take it from here.
At least let me be a
hero off the battlefield.
My name is Mismis, sir.
Captain in the Third Division,
and my unit is N07.
I mean no disrespect,
but why are we not
sending a rescue squad?
[JHIN]
Let me guess.
Big Mr. Saint Disciple didn't
say a word in response, huh?
[NENE] I wonder if there's a
secret op we don't know about.
Possibly.
[MISMIS]
That was refreshing!
Now, where did I put
my glass of juice?
You're short, but at least
your body looks mature.
No! It's not what you think!
I didn't mean to come out naked!
I was so nervous about
what happened today,
and the shower got me
relaxed and I just‐‐
I wasn't thinking!
Don't get upset. It's fine.
[MISMIS]
No one will ever marry me now!
Jhin, you have to
take responsibility!
[JHIN]
That makes no sense!
[RIN] Are you sure about
heading to the canyon?
Yes. I must.
[RIN] Is this an excuse to
seek out that swordsman?
Of course not!
Iska wouldn't be there.
It's simply my duty
as a princess.
[ON]
Well... The time has come.
Kissing.